docs(weave): Improve eval doc (#4560)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/core-types/evaluations.md

1. [Create an `Evaluation` object](#1-create-an-evaluation-object)
2. [Define a dataset of examples](#2-define-a-datset-of-test-examples)
3. [Define scoring functions](#3-define-scoring-functions)
4. [Define a `Model` to evaluate](#4-define-a-model-to-evaluate)
5. [Run the evaluation](#5-run-the-evaluation)

A complete evaluation code sample can be found [here](#full-evaluation-code-sample). You can also learn more about [advanced evaluation features](#advanced-evaluation-usage) like [Saved views](#saved-views) and [Imperative evaluations](#imperative-evaluations-evaluationlogger).

## 1. Create an `Evaluation` object

Creating an `Evaluation` object is the first step in setting up your evaluation configuration. An `Evaluation` consists of example data, scoring logic, and optional preprocessing. You’ll later use it to run one or more evaluations.

Weave will take each example, pass it through your application and score the output on multiple custom scoring functions. By doing this, you'll have a view of the performance of your application, and a rich UI to drill into individual outputs and scores.

### (Optional) Custom naming

> There are two types of csutomizable names in the evaluation flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of customizable names in the evaluation flow:
```

This will run `predict` on each example and score the output with each scoring functions.

### (Optional) Define a function to evaluate

> Alternatively, you can also evaluate a function that is wrapped in a `@weave.op()`.

Reviewer: `@weave.op` is sufficient when no arguments are passed.

> Alternatively, you can also evaluate a function that is wrapped in a `@weave.op()`.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also evaluate a custom function tracked by `@weave.op()`.
```

```python

> @weave.op()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@weave.op
```

def function_to_evaluate(question: str):
    # here's where you would add your LLM call and return the output
    return  {'generated_text': 'some response'}

asyncio.run(evaluation.evaluate(function_to_evaluate))
```

## 5. Run the evaluation

To run an evaluation, call `.evaluate()` on the object you want to evaluate.
For example, assuming an `Evaluation` object called `evaluation` and a `Model` object to evaluate called `model`, the following code instatiates an evaluation run.

```python
asyncio.run(evaluation.evaluate(model))
```

:::tip Evaluation run tips
1. The `evaluate()` method returns a summary of results across all examples. To access the full set of scored rows including outputs and scores, use `get_eval_results()`.
2. If you don't provide a `display_name` when calling `.evaluate()`, Weave will automatically generate one using the date and a random memorable name. To learn more, see [how to name individual evaluation runs](#name-individual-evaluation-runs).
3.  The model passed to `.evaluate` must be a `Model` or a function tracked with `@weave.op`. Regular Python functions are not supported unless wrapped with `@weave.op`.
:::

### (Optional) Run multiple trials

> You can set the `trials` parameter on the `Evaluation` object to run each example multiple times. This is helpful for models with non-deterministic outputs (e.g. LLMs with temperature > 0).

Author: ```suggestion
You can set the `trials` parameter on the `Evaluation` object to run each example multiple times.
```

> You can set the `trials` parameter on the `Evaluation` object to run each example multiple times. This is helpful for models with non-deterministic outputs (e.g. LLMs with temperature > 0).

Reviewer: Even with temperature == 0, the output of an LLM will be non-deterministic.
